it's like I don't want to take off my
jacket or take out my Invisalign because
one is cold and - I would like straight
Peas but I don't want you guys to bully
me for my Lisp so I'm sorry hello
everybody and welcome back to to be oh I
am Haley here and I decided I would make
a good quality video because most times
that I normally phone for to be oh I
just finished my homework or I'm very
lazy and just look really ugly so I just
used my webcam which I'll probably do if
I look ugly somedays like I look like
sort of better than usual I don't know I
just my makeup didn't smear off after
school like it normally does so I
thought I would use my HD camera woohoo
so today I thought I will help you guys
out and teach you guys how to become Kim
Kardashian she is such an idol for many
people and a lot of people like the
Kardashians and stuff like that so I
thought I would help you out on how to
become a Kardashian you know Kim
Kardashian and specific with that fat
ass you know what I mean so the key to
becoming Kim Kardashian and getting her
success her fame you know you want to
make a porno that is the first thing you
want to do and considering my you know
definition of porno some may be you know
my own that's enough you know that type
of porno but might I would point out for
me this is how I'm gonna come Kim
Kardashian its eating chocolate like you
know food porn so I thought I would just
eat some of these and start off my
career let's go to your hair which is
the best
let's mention yet number two is to get
that back
Kim claims that her house is real but
you know I have my doubts still um so
you're gonna fill up that bike because
you know I am a phony and I cannot
afford button plants as of right now so
we're just gonna get them a little
bigger I'll be repack when my ass is fat
so yeah new ass huh the next thing that
you're gonna want to do is write a book
and this book is going to be about you
being selfish and about selfies and just
taking pictures of yourself
let's see you let's add this first one
to my book
okay now that we've got that selfie
we're gonna create our book and then
we're just going to release it to the
public the next thing that you're gonna
want to do is write a book and this book
is going to be about you being selfish
and about selfies and just taking
pictures of yourself so let's see you
let's add this first one to my book
considering I don't have a baby up just
pop out a baby because that's what she
did about she's got a baby and yeah the
next step for you is to take a camera
everywhere with you because you know
you're on your own reality show so you
might as well just film your whole life
you can basically do a vlogging style
because I doubt a lot of you guys have
cameramen unless you're cool because
yeah just so get your own camera crew to
follow you around everywhere and the
last step to achieving the Kim
Kardashian look is to contour your face
like crazy and wear a ton of makeup
because it looked flawless still because
yes you're gonna cry - you oh my butt
pick your favorite bronzer freaking go
for it because your Bergen came
Kardashian I hope you guys enjoyed and
hopefully you guys get these tips you
can become Kim Kardashian yourself and
take on some of the awesome Trish that
she has so yeah have a good day thank
you for watching and fYI this video was
a joke
I really do like Kim Kardashian and her
family and stuff like that so yeah don't
take this to heart Kim if you ever see
this because I like your ass and the one
that I tried to mimic just good so bye